Help Document:
  
  Below you will find several helpful hints and descriptions of how certain elements of the game work.
  
    1) Building Cities
      This is done by creating a settler and then pressing the "b" button. This will open a dialog box that
      asks for a name. Note that a city may not be created if the unit has already moved in a turn.
      Instead of using the "b" button you may also go into the commands menu and select Build City.
      
    2) Creating Units
      This is done by first clicking on a city. This will open the City Control area. Then look in the 
      production area and use the drop down list to select the unit you would like to produce. 
      Information regarding how long until the unit is created is then displayed in the area above. 
      To shorten this wait time you may opt to reduce the wait to 1 turn by buying the unit with gold.
      Different units can be created by unlocking them with research.
      
    3) Moving Units
      This is done by first selecting a unit. You must then push the "g" button to enable the 
      pathfinding. To set a path for your unit you simply click on it's destination. Note that your unit 
      may not move the whole distance in one turn. If not he will have a little G above his head signifying
      that he is still moving. You may then cancel movement paths by selecting the unit and pressing 
      the "h" button (Both these commands can be found in the commands menu).
      
    4) Moving the Map
      The map can be moved in several ways. One way is to use the "wasd" keys and the other is to 
      right click anywhere on the map to center the camera on that location. You may also use 
      the "c" button or the center on capital action in the commands menu to move the map to 
      your starting city.
      
    5) Ending Your Turn
      Simply push the turn done button on the side of the screen to pass to the next player's turn.
      
    6) Setting Your Research
      This can be done by going into the research menu and selecting View research Tree. This will
      bring up the current players research tree. All the research boxes that you have completed will 
      be highlighted with blue while the one you are currently producing will be highlighted in yellow.
      You can select a new research to partake in by selecting another non gray box that has no 
      highlighting and then selecting done.
      
    7) Player Information
      Player information such as the number of units and cities a player has can be seen below the 
      minimap.
      
    8) Tile information
      Hovering over a tile with your mouse causes a information strip to appear below the main map. 
      This information strip contains information such as the resources you could get from it 
      aswell as its combat modifier.
      
    9) Combat
      To engage in combat you simply move your unit onto a tile occupied by an enemy unit or city. 
      Combat is then engaged and in every combat a unit dies. Note that specific tiles give bonuses 
      to units that are on the defense and when attacking multiple enemy units their best unit is used 
      and then their second best and so on. Attacking a city is no different if it has enemy units 
      within it, however if there are no more enemy units within it then the city is either destroyed or 
      taken over.
      
    10) Winning the Game
      This is done by destroying every enemy city.
      
    11) Selecting a unit within a city
      This si done by opening the city options panel and using the drop down menu in the city's units 
      area to select a unit. By clciking done the city option panel is closed and that unit is now 
      under your control. He may be moved as normal.
      
    12) City Information
      This can be found in the city options panel and includes information such as your current 
      resource values for the city.
      
    13) Resources
      Resources are collected by cities from tiles that are close to that city. As your city 
      grows it is able to collect from more tiles allowing it to grow and produce units faster. Certain 
      tiles offer different amount of resources and because of this you are able to set priorities on 
      which resources you want to collect. This can be done in the city options panel by moving the 
      sliders accordingly (0 meaning you dont what the resource and 9 being you want that one the 
      most). Note that when a city starts out it is likely that no affect will take place as the 
      best tile is always chosen.
      
    14) Science
      This resource is used to increase the rate at which you research.
      
    15) Food
      This resource is used to increase the rate at which your city levels up.
      
    16) Production
      This resource increases the rate at which your units are produced in that city.
      
    17) Gold
      This is colected each turn and the rate of which it is collected is in relation to how many cities 
      you have and what level they are. It can be used to reduce the time taken to produce a unit.
      
    18) Boarding a Transport
      Certain units are able to be used as transports. To move a unit into it you simply move the unit to 
      be transported onto the same tile as the transport. Note that you cannot pick up units by moving 
      the transport onto the tile a unit is on. The unit is now in the transport and will be in it until 
      removed or the transport is killed (the units inside are also killed).
      
    19) Exiting a Transport
      This can be done by double clicking on a transport that contains units. This will open a unit 
      selection box that you can then select the unit you wish to disembark. Once you have done this 
      that unit is now under your control and you may move the unit out of the transport as normal.
      
    20) Unlockables
      Here is a helpful cheat code to increase your odds of wining: 
                    "up up down down left right left right B A".
      This will unlock several powerful units that represent the 6 makers of this game along with the 
      teacher of their class (being the most powerful).
